Update tts.markdown (#17067)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tts.markdown

</div>

The following optional parameters can be used with any platform.

> **Note**: When configuring multiple tts platform entries, the TTS integration will only look for global settings under the configuration of the first configured platform entry:

Reviewer: Notes are handled differently, see:

<https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/create-page#html>

Additionally, TTS should be is capitalized.

  type: string
  default: value of internal URL
service_name:

>   description: The name of the `say` service to be added to the tts service domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The name of the `say` service to be added to the TTS service domain.
```

  required: false
  type: string

>   default:  set to \{platform\}_say. For example, for tts platform `google_translate`, defaults to `google_translate_say`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default:  set to `<platform>_say`. For example, for TTS platform `google_translate`, defaults to `google_translate_say`.
```

* They do not work with URLs that contain hostnames established by local naming means. Let's say your Home Assistant instance is running on a machine made known locally as `ha`. All your machines on your local network are able to access it as `ha`. However, try as you may, your cast device won't download the media files from your `ha` machine. That's because your cast device ignores your local naming setup. In this example, the `say` service creates a URL like `http://ha/path/to/media.mp3` (or `https://...` if you are using SSL). If you are _not_ using SSL then setting a internal URL that contains the IP address of your server works around this issue. By using an IP address, the cast device does not have to resolve the hostname.

> * If you are using SSL (e.g., `https://yourhost.example.org/...`) then you _must_ use the hostname in the certificate (e.g., `base_url: https://yourhost.example.org`). You cannot use an IP address since the certificate won't be valid for the IP address, and the cast device will refuse the connection.

Reviewer: This whole line is actually incorrect. As it implies that the use of SSL requires a `base_url`, which, of course, is incorrect.

## Service say

> The `say` service (or its equivalent `service_name` you mapped it to as per above) supports additional parameters, like `language` and, on some platforms, also `options` for set, i.e., *voice, motion, speed, etc*. The text to be spoken is passed with the `message` parameter (Note that the tts platform does not do translation.  You should pass the message in the language you intend to have it spoken in.  For example, a message written in English and spoken using `es` as the language will result in an English message being spoken with a Spanish accent. 

Reviewer: The translation notice doesn't matter here. I get it is helpful for the `google_translate` platform, but not for the general TTS documentation.

```suggestion
The `say` service (or its equivalent `service_name` you mapped it to as per above) supports additional parameters, like `language` and, on some platforms, also `options` for setting things like voice, motion, speed, etc. The text to be spoken is passed with the `message` parameter.
```

> Note: since release 0.92, the service name can be defined in the platform's `service_name` configuration option.

Reviewer: We don't document history in our documentation, the documentation should always reflect the latest stable release. Please remove this line.
